Packaging is a process that merges all specified JS and CSS files. It also copies any additional files (like e.g. images) that you need for your application to work.

Setup application for testing
-----------------------------

You should(*) have a web server with PHP installed for testing your application.

Here are the setup steps:

1. Install web server (Apache recommended).
2. Install PHP (you need at least PHP 5.1, PHP 5.3 or above recommended).
3. To run application for testing you should open main `index.php` (e.g. http://localhost/myApp/index.php).
4. Check if `mod_rewrite` is working by trying the same URL but with `index.html` (e.g. http://localhost/myApp/index.html). If it's not working then you should consult your Apache distribution documentation to figure out how to enable `mod_rewrite`.
 
(*) It is possible to just use pre-merged scripts without a web server or even PHP. BUT this is not advised as you would have to add all scripts manually to your HTML file. You would also have to keep all views in a single HTML file. Not good... So please, just install Apache+PHP as described above. There are pre-built installers (like e.g. [XAMPP](https://www.apachefriends.org/download.html)) that will install both for you.

Build and release application 
-----------------------------

I'm assuming you will want to build with PhoneGap Build. You can do it for free if your app is open source. Below I will assume you have an open source app.

### First build ###

1. Package application by running `packaging.php` (or press F6 in Netbeans). 
2. Prepare repository: 
	1. Register on Github (if you haven't already).
	2. Create a repository for your application.
	3. *Clone* the repository (you can use command line or e.g. Tortoise Git).
	4. Copy build folder into the repository folder (it don't have to be the only one with in the repository, but should be the only one with `index.html`).
	5. *Add* and *Commit* new files to the repository.
	6. Finally you will new to *Push* files back to the Github.
3. Build application:
	1. Register at PhoneGap Build (you can use Github account login).
	2. Add new application (you will need to choose Github repository here; note that zip upload is for paying customers of PhoneGap Build).
	3. Build application.
	4. Optionally setup your certificates and rebuild.

That's it.

### Next builds ###

1. Package application by running `packaging.php` (or press F6 in Netbeans). 
2. Update repository: 
	1. *Pull* files from the Github.
	2. Copy build folder into the repository folder.
	3. *Add* and *Commit* any new and changed files to the repository.
	4. Finally you will new to *Push* files back to the Github.
3. Build application:
	1. Login at PhoneGap Build.
	2. Build application.
	3. Optionally unlock your certificates and rebuild.

### iOS builds and PhoneGap Build alternative ###

Note that you should register to acquire a build certificate for iOS (also for testing). For first there is an alternative - you can use [The PhoneGap Developer App](http://app.phonegap.com/). This allows to test your app on real devices without any certificate or system cracks (the app also works on Android and Windows Phone at the time of writing).

Not everything will work with the app (you might have problems with plugins), but you will not need to register at Github nor even PhoneGap Build. You also don't need any specific operating system - you just install the application on your phone and use PhoneGap command line to tool to serve packaged files from your PC (or MAC).

### Getting certificates and releasing your app ###

In any way at some point you will need to register at Google (Android), Apple (iOS)... and any others you wish to release you app for. This is the only way to acquire a build certificate and build final version of the app.

Only apps built with appropriate certificates can be released in official shops. The final process varies between shops you release for.

Shops of Apple and Microsoft are most expensive and you have to pay annually so I would recommend to register just before releasing (but **NOT longer then a month before your deadline**). Registration alone may take a week or longer. The same with first review of your app (review is done by shop stuff).

The process is much quicker and cheaper for Google (Android). Both registration and review should not take more then a week. You also only pay once for registration.        

Packages used by index and displayCode files
--------------------------------------------

### index ###

CSS
* css/package.css - all CSS except those for PolyCalc.
* css/package.calc.css - CSS that should be parsed by PolyCalc.

JS
* package.libs.js - libs common
* package.libs.index.js - extra libs for index
* package.mj.js - mJappis build (core & optional)
* package.app.js - application build (common including i18n and model)
* package.app.index.js - application extra for index (e.g. controllers, proxies and other helpers)
* package.jqm.js - jQuery Mobile with libs (MUST be the last one)

### displayCode ###

CSS
* *css/package.css* (as for index)

JS
* *package.libs.js* (as for index)
* package.libs.displayCode.js - extra libs for displayCode
* *package.mj.js* (as for index)
* *package.app.js* (as for index)
* *package.jqm.js* (as for index)
